About this course
English speaking course. 77 Hours of English language speaking, English listening practice. 1000 English language words

By the numbers
Skill level: Beginner Level
Students: 35253
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 63
Video: 77 total hours
Certificates
Get Udemy certificate by completing entire course

Features
Available on iOS and Android
Description
Introducing LOGUS

Your most powerful and intensive online English language course.

It is a must-have English language course for complete beginners in English, who want to reach the intermediate level of spoken English language in the shortest time possible.  



The killer advantages of English language course LOGUS that blow the competition out of the water:  

It is not a short basic course of English language. It is a full beginner to intermediate course of spoken English. It is specifically designed to help you build all the necessary skills for the real-life day-to-day use.   

It is a 100% animated and interactive spoken English language course, which makes it very fun to use.   

You get over 77 hours of intensive spoken English language practice. Each English language lesson lasts about 1 hour and a half.   

It is 100% communicative intensive spoken English language course. You speak English language all the time and you say over 2000 English words in each lesson.    

LOGUS doesn't teach you separate English words. You learn everything only in the context.    

LOGUS is the only online video course obsessed with perfecting your speech fluency. What good is your knowledge of English grammar and words if you can't speak English fluently? Your fluency is our number 1 priority.   

English grammar is explained in extremely simple and      intuitive way, with tons of examples and many hours of listening and      speaking practice. 



Needless to say, all English words and English grammar are translated into your native language.  

All the vocabulary and grammar are translated into the following languages: English, Spanish Brazilian Portuguese and Hindi.

What you’ll learn
You will learn over 1000 vital English words, expressions and idioms, and how to use them in real life.
You will learn the most important English grammar with tons of English-speaking practice.
You will learn to think in English and to speak English fluently. (in Intermediate level)
You will learn to read in English and to spell English words intuitively
You will learn to understand movies and TV shows in English.
After the course, you can travel the world freely, without a language barrier
After the course, you can start preparing for English language tests like TOEFL, IELTS, GMAT etc.
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
A computer, or a tablet, or a phone with good speakers or headphones. (So you can hear the pronunciation very clearly).
Absolutely no previous knowledge of English is necessary.
4 hours a week to speak English when you won't be disturbed.
Very positive attitude :)
Who this course is for:
It is a must-have English course for complete beginners, who want to reach the intermediate level of spoken English in the shortest time possible.
Instructor
User photo
Logus Online
Online School of the Future

LOGUS is an innovative online school, which employs only highly skilled and professional teachers and psychologists to create the most efficient courses.

We always think outside the box and we strive to make online self-teaching on par or even higher quality than traditional schools.   

Our mission: to make studying literally any topic a very easy and fun process.   

We are working hard on implementing the newest AI (artificial intelligence) and AR (augmented reality) technologies to teach literally anything to anyone in the world in the most efficient and fun way possible.     